
If you don't understand something watch the video tutorials I
made or just ask me. You can watch the videos on my website.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-CursorChanger-
1. Add this script to an object you want to look at, talk to etc.

2. Add a 2D collider to your object and set it to "Is Trigger".

3. Turn on ONE of the "can" options.

4. If you have a "Can Go And Look" object set if the scene is the
next or the last scene with "Scene Is Next/Back".

5. Set your cursor textures by draging and droping them into 
"Default Cursor" etc. Your default cursor can have a diffrent 
size than the other ones but your interact cursor textures need 
to be the same size as the other interact textures.

6. Enter the texture size for a centered texture. If you have a
ponter use 0 and the click will happen at the upper left corner
of your texture.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-DialogFromFile-
1. Add this script to a object (NPC) you want to talk to.

2. Add a 2D collider and set it to "Is Trigger".

3. Set the option if you want to talk to this object and/or look
at it and say something.

4. Drag and drop your .txt file to File.

5. Create a empty and add a textMesh component to it.

6. Put the text object where you want the dialog to be.

7. Drag and drop the text object to "Text Mesh".

8. Create a text box. I recommend to use a sprite.

9. Put the text box behind your text so you can see your text in
front of it.

10. Drag the text box object to "Text Box".

11. "New Line On" is where you want the text to end and start a
new text box after pressing "Return". Use a key you never use in
your text. Put this key infront of your secound text box text and
at the end of your dialog file.

12. Set where your dialog starts and where it ends. "Is At Line"
is just to show you where the filereader is at the moment. Please
set it to the same as the start of your dialog. Remember the
value 0 is the first dialog text untile the new line key. So 0 is
text fild 1, 1 is 2 etc.

13. Write in your text file your talk dialog and after this the
look dialog.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-Player-
!. THIS SCRIPT NEEDS THE "CanPlayerMove" SCRIPT TO WORK PROPERLY!

1. Add this script to your player model.

2. Add a 2D collider.

3. Add a 2D rigitbody that is "Simulated".
------------------------------------------------------------------

-CanPlayerMove-
!. THIS SCRIPT NEEDS THE "Player" SCRIPT TO WORK PROPERLY!

1. Add this script to the object with the 2D collider where you
want to walk. The collider is the zone you can move.

2. Create an object for the zones where you can't go.

3. Add the tag "CanGo" to the object with the move zone and the
"Stop" tag to the zone object where you can't go. Remeber after
creating a tag you need to select it. If it isn't working you
didn't set the tag to your object.

4. Drag your player model to "Player To Move".

5. "Move By Drag" allows you to move the player by keeping the
button pressed. If you turn it off you can move by clicking.

6. You can change the speed of your players movement with "Speed".
Faster speed can lead to collision problems.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-ShowName-
!. THIS SCRIPT NEEDS THE "FollowCursor" SCRIPT TO WORK PROPERLY!

1. Add this script to the object you want to see the name of.

2. Add a 2D collider and set it to "Is Trigger"

3. Change the name of your object to what you want to see on
screen. Something like "A really old door" or something like this.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-FollowCursor-
!. THIS SCRIPT NEEDS THE "ShowName" SCRIPT TO WORK PROPERLY!

1. Add this script to an empty.

2. This empty will follow your cursor. If your cameras Z pos is
-10 set the "Curors Pos Z" to 10. If your camera is at 0 set the
cursor to 20 and so on...

3. Add a empty to your cursor position empty. This will be your
text position.

4. Add a textMesh component to your text position empty.

5. Set the position of this empty to 0.

6. Drag and drop the cursor position empty into the text position
object to "Obj Name Show". Now you can see the names of objects
you point at if they have the "ShowName" script.

7. If you don't like the position of your text just move the text
around and test what looks best for you.
------------------------------------------------------------------

-ChangeScenes-
1. Add this script to your main camera.

2. Create a empty and call it something like scene positions.

3. Set the position to 0.

4. Create a empty and call it 000 or 001. You can copy this 
empty and rename the copys for your scene positions.

5. Set the emtys to a position you want your camera to be. The
emptys will be the midpoint of your screen.

6. Drag your scene position points in the script to "Scene Pos".
It will change the array size (number of objects) by itself.
Remeber Element 0 will be your default scene.

7. Create a empty and give it a 2D collider and set it to
"Is Trigger".

8. Add a "Show Name" script.

9. Add a "Cursor Changer" script.

10. Set the options like your other objects with this script but
now only turn the "Can Go And Look" option on.

11. Now set if you want you to go +1 or -1 scene. You can do this
by turning on next or back.

12. Add the "Dialog From File" script.

13. Turn on the option "Can Look At". This will allow you to say
something about the way. For example: "This path looks dangerous"
------------------------------------------------------------------